(upbeat music)
- Please welcome D L Hughley
(crowd cheering)
Hi
Thank you for joining me.
You got em right?
You got em right there
We will do the shoe cam you
got now you look right there
and twist em around.
People like to see what
you're working with
- These are Skechers
Joe Montana wears these
- No no we love to know where you get them
how much you paid the whole big deal.
Now are those yours or
are you borrowing them?
- You know well I borrowed them but
they ain't never getting em back.
- Perfect, perfect
- What happened to those shoes? Who knows
- Who knows
well happy belated birthday
- Thank you thank you I appreciate that
- I had no idea you just turned 55
- Yup
- I thought you were younger than that
- No well if you took an
x-ray you'd know how old I was
- That's what I always say
- They say black don't
crack but just take an x-ray
what's all that cholesterol?
- But you've been around for a long time
- A long time long time
- A long time and happy anniversary
- Thank you thank you
- I don't know that much about
you I had no idea that you
33 years married
- Yeah
- That's all of your life
- That's my whole, I've been married
since I was 21 years old
- You owe her
- Yeah I do for real that
that why she gotta stay
- Yes
- She gotta stay
- Children?
- Oh yeah my children
are what, I don't know
- There something older
and out of the house?
- Well not really cause
now they millennials
you know millennials never leave
- Oh okay
- Like its hard to respect somebody
when they still sleeping in a double bed
- Exactly
- I graduated from college
but you still don't have
Spiderman sheets so I don't get it
- Where'd you meet your wife?
- I met her at the LA
Times I was a sales rep
and she was a sales rep too
and I knew I would marry
her the first time I saw her
- Did you want
- She didn't know she didn't know
- Did you originally
want to be a comedian?
- I wanted to be something I didn't know
- Where are you from?
- I'm from 135th and
Avalon so I grew up here
- Oh right here
- No, in Los Angeles
- Oh right there
- And when you say 135th
black people they're like oh
- White people are like I don't I don't
I see it on the news sometimes
- Is that the hood?
- Yeah well I think
everybody I grew up with
is either dead or in jail
- Oh okay
- I think it's pretty but I always knew
I would be something I just
didn't necessarily know
- Know what? Well you're a pretty big deal
look let's talk hot topics.
Now we talked about you here
on hot topics awhile ago.
You were at war with our love Terry Crews
and I couldn't figure out
what you were fighting over
so then I did some digging and
it was something about Terry
not punching a man in the
face because a man grabbed
him in the (censored)
- Right I don't think that's unreasonable
- Do retell
Okay nevermind
- Like like like he got
mad because he thought that
I was a emasculate which
I wasn't I was tellin him
you know his agent grabbed
him and he was shocked
and obviously that's
- They were at a public event
and lots people were there
people were dressed in suits
Mrs. Crews Terry's long wife
was there as well and
the agent out of nowhere
grabbed Terry in his privates
and Terry was talking about it
on TV.
On Hot Topics and so DL said
well why didn't you punch him in the face?
- Right
- As apposed to just swatting
him and you know being like
ew ew ew
- The thing was that's your
agent your agent works for you
like you can't touch my (mumbles)
But I that's not
This is not gonna this
is my general philosophy
there are few a very few
things that black people own.
- Yeah
- We can't, we're told
where to live and what to do
and how far we can go the only
thing we own is our person
and you not gonna put your hands on me.
I don't care who you are
you're not gonna do it
- And terry's thing was that
he didn't wanna perpetuate
being that big, angry black man
- Right but you can earn it
like if you violate my person
you've earned everything
you finna right get.
Everything and I don't
think like this whole notion
that we all have to think
alike and process things
like they made he's a big man
but they made more than
just one like it's the
my father said never start a fight
but if somebody touches
you you'll finish it
that's good I don't think that that's
- Very popular saying
from fathers everywhere
so have you two made up
- No we haven't
- You haven't made up?
- No cause we didn't
ever have a conversation
it was just a Twitter beef
- Is it a conversation or is it like
everybody's over 50 come on
- Listen I don't, I
disagree with the notion
that you are emasculating somebody because
you defend yourself.
People they have laws in this country
you could get scared in Florida
shoot somebody just cause
you scared I'd be damned
I think that there's this notion that
we all have to have the
same ideas and thoughts
I do not
- No we like different thoughts here
I'm just shocked that
it's you two going at it
over something that seems to stupid
- It is stupid
- But okay let's talk about R. Kelly
- Yes
- Alright we're moving on Hop
Topics here with DL Hughley
Gayle King did the
interview and your thoughts?
- That looked like every
black woman who heard a man
that was full of
(censored) I've ever seen.
You know why I know that look Wendy?
Did you see Gayle? Uh Robert
- Yeah yes yes yes yes
- All she didn't say was
do I look like BooBoo the
Fool? That's all she would do
and I know that look because
my wife has done that before
so you don't know this
bitch huh? You don't? Okay
You don't? Alright. I've
seen that look before
- How guilty do you think R. Kelly is?
- To me it says a lot about a society
like if you look at the
charges they're from 98, 99
it says a lot about
society that waited till
something was on a documentary
before they got enraged
it says a lot about society.
Our level of empathy and
rage should not be connected
to a remote and that
seems disingenuous to him.
- And how about him being illiterate?
- Yeah I am too so (Laughing)
- I mean
- He believe he can fly but not read
- I think we live in a
horrible situation and I think
people get mad at this all the time.
Fame allows you a lot
- Yeah
- We knew what he was doing to Aleigh
we knew what he was doing in that video
Michael Jackson we knew
he was sleeping with
now whether you believe
that he did it or not
I think they in the same
in that whether you believe
R. Kelly did it or Michael Jackson
They're both horrible babysitters
I don't think we're gonna argue about that
both horrible babysitters
- What were your thoughts on the
Michael Jackson documentary?
- I think that it's horrible
again that society allow
I don't care who you are nobody's sleeping
a grown man is not sleeping
with my 7 year old son
it's not gonna happen
I don't care who comes.
And I believe if we love our
children like we say they do
I think if we're going to
like people always ask me
and I still love I'm fans of their music.
Like when you're black
- Yeah you can separate
- Yeah I can't when you
black you gotta separate like
like how could you listen to R. Kelly
and sing R. Kelly and
Michael Jackson songs
the same way I can sing
the national anthem
that's the same way I can do that
same way I can do that so
- Wow
When I grew up if a
piece of bread was moldy
You cut that mold off that
you are the rest of that bread
- Right right
- You don't punish the whole bread
- All the bread ain't goin away
- Do you feel that, oh nevermind
look you're kings of comedy
he's one of the original Kings of Comedy.
This is where I think we first met you
I don't know you before Kinds of Comedy
and you landed with
this great lot of people
all of you did well on your own
- Right
- Are you still touring?
- Of course I still tour everywhere yes
- Do you, would you tour with them?
- Of course I love those guys
- Like an organized tour
if they just happened
to show up and pop up and then
- Well I'm touring with Cedric
and George Lopez right now
so we do that all the time but
- That's good
- I'll say this, when you love each other
and you're brothers you
don't always have to
see things eye to eye like I
but I did resent the notion
like when Steve and Monique
had that conversation I can't say you know
what everybody else's
perspective was but when they
- What conversation? Refresh us
- Like when they were he was on our show
and they went back and forth
and a lot of people felt
like he was tellin her how to ya know
I can't say
- I haven't heard I don't know
- Wow you (laughing)
- What is going
- We gotta switch seats here
- What is going on?
- They had an argument
on his show about ya know
her process and selling out
and all this other stuff
they were intimating each other about it
they took a 10 year
they took a 20 year old
joke and put it to today
and took him out of
character I'll tell you this
two men I know Steve Harvey
and George Lopez have done
more for people like I've known
them to save peoples houses
I've known them to loan
people money and bail them out
and never talk about it so
to kinda reduce him to just
that was insulting to
me it's insulting to me
- Well congratulations on
oh by the way by the way
cause I'm from radio, you do radio
did Stevie Wonder fire you
from his radio station?
I used to work at that station
I was (mumbles) at that station
What happened?
- Cause Stevie like I was the
morning like I was a sidekick
and one day I said
- To who, who was the lead kick?
- It was Cliff Winston Cliff
the body was he passed on now
- Okay
- So he was
And I said do you think
this station would this bad
if Stevie could see?
And 45 minutes later true
story he came down and
he called me into his
office and he said we think
I think you're being disrespectful
and I was (mumbles) like 20 seconds
and I said Stevie I'm
over here and he's like
and then he fired me
then he hired me again
then he came to my Christmas party
- Okay
- In December this year
- So this is wealthy DL Hughley now
- And he at my Christmas party and I said
you remember when you fired me?
And he said I would do it again
- That's how grown people fight
you know what I mean?
- And then I said I'm over here
and he didn't like that either
(laughing)
- Congratulations on your new
- Its really nice
I have to say
- I know
- It's a pleasure meeting you I think that
- We've never met but I always heard
- We met before when you
were on radio and that was
- I always heard you didn't
like me and I didn't know what
- I heard you didn't like me too
- No here's how I am I'm fair
I like everybody until I you don't like me
- That's how I am
- And once I hear you don't
like me then I don't like you
- That's right
- So when I heard that you were booked
to come on the show I
was like oh he likes me?
Or are we gonna fight
like how is this gonna
- But here's the thing, I
wouldn't of came if I didn't
like here's the Thing
- I would of invited
you though just to see
how it would go down
- Here's the thing I'm
not too different than you
I'm not scared to have people dislike me
or I think that you have a
right to your perspective
and it the most expensive
piece of real estate
in the world is what's between your ears
- Yes
- You can't get a
and I
I respect what you do
I just to me you know
things got out of
misunderstood but I'll say
this it's been a pleasure
meeting and talking to you
- Thank you don't be a
stranger and by the way
okay so your new show you're
gonna you're on the radio
and they're capturing
you with the TV cameras
- Right
- Now who are the people that
are gonna be on the show?
- Jasmine Sanders is my co
- Sidekick sidekick
- Don't call her a sidekick
cause I'll have to hear it
when I get home
- Oh okay okay co-host
- When I get back to she's
my co-host and I have
you know several people
I don't really care about
their names cause I don't care but
- They're people who
help you with the show
- No my kids are on the show
my daughter is on the show
- As a regular or do
they float in and out?
- Yeah
- Well you know they won't leave the house
so they might as well get a job
- Now will you be having celebrities?
- We're gonna have celebrities
- But its not gonna be celebrity driven?
- You know I think celebrities
aren't all that interesting
I think, you know what's
interesting to me?
- You know what? Very few are and you're
one of the good ones
- Thank you
- That's DL Hughley everybody
the DL Hughley show
premieres Monday March 18th
at 11pm on TV1
(upbeat music)